Linking tooltip for risk thresholds being violated to docs (#3746)
growthbook/growthbook: docs/docs/using/experimenting.mdx

![GrowthBook Results](/images/using/experiment-results-bayesian-details2.png)

**Risk** tells you how much you are predicted to lose if you choose the selected variation as the winner

> and you are wrong. You can specify upper risk thresholds (designed to flag high-risk outcomes) and lower risk thresholds (designed to flag low-risk outcomes) in Behavior on the Metrics tab. Red indicates that the treatment variation has risk above the high-risk threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you are wrong. You can specify upper risk thresholds (designed to flag high-risk outcomes) and lower risk thresholds (designed to flag low-risk outcomes) for each Metric in the Metric's Advanced Settings. There are defaults used for new metrics in the general settings page under General > Settings > Metrics & Data. 

Red indicates that the treatment variation has risk above the high-risk threshold.
```

Author: accepted, thanks
